add interesting bar chart info (#821)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/visualizations/barchart.adoc

* The **Bar arrangement** (grouped or stacked).
* The **Orientation** (vertical or horizontal).

> * The **Scale** (linear or logarithmic).

Author: ```suggestion
* The **Bar arrangement** (grouped or stacked)
* The **Orientation** (vertical or horizontal)
* The **Scale** (linear or logarithmic)
```

And whether or not to show:

* The **Data zoom slider** (auto, show, or hide)
* The **Legend** of the bar chart (auto, show, or hide)

> * The **Download as PNG** option (show or hide)

Reviewer: The lines above (58-60) each end with a "."
we should make this consistent -
not exactly sure what the style guide says, but since the "And whether..." sentence continues line 56 in a sense, maybe we can use "," for all lines but the very last (und "." for that)

[TIP]
====
If you are configuring a stacked bar chart, use the entries in the **Value** drop down to deselect and select your value axes to manipulate the order in which the corresponding bars are displayed.
====

> == Edit bar charts created with AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Editing bar charts created with AI
```

> At first look at a bar chart created with AI, you will immediately get some ideas about your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bar chart created with AI immediately provides insight into your data.
```
my attempt to make this less informal

See the queries underneath the visuals (the Cypher that was generated) by clicking the more menu *[...]*, then *edit card*.

> If you click on *format query* you will access the screen where you can develop your own charts by writing Cypher. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Via *format query* you can access the editor to write a custom Cypher query. 
```
let's avoid teaching users to click buttons :)

> You can also read the Cypher to understand what the LLM generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also read the existing Cypher query to understand what the LLM generated.
```

[.shadow]
.Edit bar chart settings
image::toptencustomers.png[]

From this screen, customize your visualizations e.g. if you wanted to have a horizontal bar chart or a logarithmic scale, use the check boxes.
There's a slider, so if you have lots of data you can hide and show different bars.

> And a legend, that you can choose to hide to make more space - essentially, you can customize your visualizations using these settings.

Reviewer: this is essentially the same as what we already have under "Configuration" - can the two be conflated?

> If you want to tweak the query, write Cypher and select *preview*, or use the *AI sparkles* ✨ to access AI and write a natural language query, then press the arrow button.

Reviewer: AI sparke might be a tad too informal :D 
also, again, no button pressing in the docs

> Then use *save* and your barchart is saved in the dashboard.

Reviewer: i think this can either be dropped or integrated into the previous line ("..., then save.")

> == Change layout of cards

Reviewer: this section is about cards in general, not about bar charts

also, i feel that drag & drop or resize is not something we should describe in detail. if anything, we can add the info that cards can be dragged and dropped and resized. that should probably go to https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/dashboards/visualizations/ though

You can resize cards, and drag them around the screen to change the layouts of your charts.

* Use the *six dots* in the top left corner to drag and drop your cards around the screen.
* Use the *arrow* at the bottom right corner to resize a card.

[.shadow]
.Customize a chart via the more menu, and resize or drag it around the dashboard

> image::barchartmoremenu.png[]

Author: ```suggestion
====
```
